1. What is the difference between append and extend?
.append() adds a single object to the end of the list. .extend() adds each value from another list or list of values

2. Do python lists store values or pointers?
Python lists don’t store values themselves. They store pointers to values stored elsewhere in memory. This allows lists to be mutable.

3. How to iterate multiple lists together?
You can zip() lists and then iterate over the zip object. A zip object is an iterator of tuples.

4. Is List Mutable or Not and Why?
Yes it is mutable, as value is associated with the same identifier in memory and does not change.

5. Can we mix different types of Objects in a List?
Yes

6. Does Python list store values or pointers in memory?
It does not store values and stoer pointers to the values in memory. Because list is mutable.

7. What is difference between remove() and pop() funciton of list?
.remove() removes the element by value where as .pop() removes with index. by default .pop() removes last element

8. How we can remove duplicates from list?
Converting to a set and then converting back to a list, this will change order of items in list

9. Can we get total number of times a vale is duplicate in a list?
Yes we can use .count() and pass value as argument to get its count in list

10. What is shallow copy of a list?
As list is mutable, if we have to create a exact copy in memory we use .copy() method, this creates a shallow copy and change value in one will not effect value in another

11. What is deep copy?
If we have a list of lists deep copy will create a separate copy in memory for inner lists as well, where as shallow copy will not

12. What is the difference between list, tuple and set?
Lists can be modified after creation, whereas tuple cannot be modified. And to modify a tuple we have to create a new tuple from it. List is ordered, set is not ordered and also set does not allow duplicate.

13. How can i mutliply every element in a list by 5?
We can use map function to execute multiply operation on each number in list, also lamda function with map can be used or a separate multiply function with map

14. Return every 2nd element in a list between 3 and 9?

li = [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10]

li[10:16:2]

Output: [11, 13, 15]
